content/ARTICLES.md, before:

---
title: Articles
author: Davidson Fellipe
layout: post
path: /articles/
---

# Articles

> Articles about Web Performance Optimization

- [10 JavaScript Performance Boosting Tips](http://jonraasch.com/blog/10-javascript-performance-boosting-tips-from-nicholas-zakas) - _by Nicholas C. Zakas_
- [Getting started with the Picture Element](http://deanhume.com/getting-started-with-the-picture-element/) - _by Dean Hume_
- [Improve Page Load Times With DNS Prefetching](http://www.deanhume.com/improve-page-load-times-with-dns-prefetching/) - _by Dean Hume_
- [Jank Busting for Better Rendering Performance](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/speed/rendering/) - _by Tom Wiltzius_
- [JavaScript Memory Profiling](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/memory-problems?utm_campaign=2016q3&utm_medium=redirect&utm_source=dcc) - _by Google_
- [Loading webfonts with high performance on responsive sites](http://bdadam.com/blog/loading-webfonts-with-high-performance.html) - _by Adam Beres-Deak_
- [Performance As Design](https://bradfrost.com/blog/post/performance-as-design/) - _by Brad Frost_
- [Preventing 'layout thrashing'](http://wilsonpage.co.uk/preventing-layout-thrashing/) - _by Wilson Page_
- [Scrolling Performance](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/speed/scrolling/) - _by Paul Lewis_
- [Total deferring of JavaScript Parsing](https://varvy.com/pagespeed/defer-loading-javascript.html) - _by Patrick Sexton_
- [Web Fonts Performance: Making Pretty, Fast](https://www.igvita.com/2012/09/12/web-fonts-performance-making-pretty-fast/) - _by Ilya Grigorik_
- [Web Page Performance - Profiling paint times](http://www.deanhume.com/web-page-performance-profiling-paint-times/) - _by Dean Hume_
- [Forget Google and Use These Hosted JavaScript Libraries in China](https://chineseseoshifu.com/blog/china-hosted-javascript-libraries-jquery-dojo-boostrap.html) - _by Ryan_
- [Idle Until Urgent](https://philipwalton.com/articles/idle-until-urgent/) - _by Philip Walton_
- [Measure Performance in JavaScript](https://medium.com/@prasanna18101994/measure-performance-in-javascript-254ad738669c) - _by Prasanna Brabourame_
- [How to read a WebPageTest Waterfall View chart](https://nooshu.github.io/blog/2019/10/02/how-to-read-a-wpt-waterfall-chart/) - _by Matt Hobbs_
- [How to read a WebPageTest Connection View chart](https://nooshu.github.io/blog/2019/12/30/how-to-read-a-wpt-connection-view-chart/) - _by Matt Hobbs_
- [WebPageTest comparison URL generator](https://nooshu.github.io/blog/2020/04/22/webpagetest-comparison-url-generator/) - _by Matt Hobbs_

# Contributing

For contributing, [open an issue](https://github.com/davidsonfellipe/awesome-wpo/issues) and/or a [pull request](https://github.com/davidsonfellipe/awesome-wpo/pulls).

Commit message:

Add link to latest WPT article. (#151)
This article contains lots of information about running a test.

content/ARTICLES.md, after:

---
title: Articles
author: Davidson Fellipe
layout: post
path: /articles/
---

# Articles

> Articles about Web Performance Optimization

- [10 JavaScript Performance Boosting Tips](http://jonraasch.com/blog/10-javascript-performance-boosting-tips-from-nicholas-zakas) - _by Nicholas C. Zakas_
- [Getting started with the Picture Element](http://deanhume.com/getting-started-with-the-picture-element/) - _by Dean Hume_
- [Improve Page Load Times With DNS Prefetching](http://www.deanhume.com/improve-page-load-times-with-dns-prefetching/) - _by Dean Hume_
- [Jank Busting for Better Rendering Performance](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/speed/rendering/) - _by Tom Wiltzius_
- [JavaScript Memory Profiling](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/memory-problems?utm_campaign=2016q3&utm_medium=redirect&utm_source=dcc) - _by Google_
- [Loading webfonts with high performance on responsive sites](http://bdadam.com/blog/loading-webfonts-with-high-performance.html) - _by Adam Beres-Deak_
- [Performance As Design](https://bradfrost.com/blog/post/performance-as-design/) - _by Brad Frost_
- [Preventing 'layout thrashing'](http://wilsonpage.co.uk/preventing-layout-thrashing/) - _by Wilson Page_
- [Scrolling Performance](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/speed/scrolling/) - _by Paul Lewis_
- [Total deferring of JavaScript Parsing](https://varvy.com/pagespeed/defer-loading-javascript.html) - _by Patrick Sexton_
- [Web Fonts Performance: Making Pretty, Fast](https://www.igvita.com/2012/09/12/web-fonts-performance-making-pretty-fast/) - _by Ilya Grigorik_
- [Web Page Performance - Profiling paint times](http://www.deanhume.com/web-page-performance-profiling-paint-times/) - _by Dean Hume_
- [Forget Google and Use These Hosted JavaScript Libraries in China](https://chineseseoshifu.com/blog/china-hosted-javascript-libraries-jquery-dojo-boostrap.html) - _by Ryan_
- [Idle Until Urgent](https://philipwalton.com/articles/idle-until-urgent/) - _by Philip Walton_
- [Measure Performance in JavaScript](https://medium.com/@prasanna18101994/measure-performance-in-javascript-254ad738669c) - _by Prasanna Brabourame_
- [How to run a WebPageTest test](https://nooshu.github.io/blog/2020/12/31/how-to-run-a-webpagetest-test/) - _by Matt Hobbs_
- [How to read a WebPageTest Waterfall View chart](https://nooshu.github.io/blog/2019/10/02/how-to-read-a-wpt-waterfall-chart/) - _by Matt Hobbs_
- [How to read a WebPageTest Connection View chart](https://nooshu.github.io/blog/2019/12/30/how-to-read-a-wpt-connection-view-chart/) - _by Matt Hobbs_
- [WebPageTest comparison URL generator](https://nooshu.github.io/blog/2020/04/22/webpagetest-comparison-url-generator/) - _by Matt Hobbs_

# Contributing

For contributing, [open an issue](https://github.com/davidsonfellipe/awesome-wpo/issues) and/or a [pull request](https://github.com/davidsonfellipe/awesome-wpo/pulls).
